This programme
contains strong language
The Prime Minister just has resigned!
This is all down to you.
You're a Nutter. I am not a Nutter.
Oh, you are going Nutter, mate.
They'll be bobbing about
like Emperor penguins
trying to swap over an egg.
Hello, Hugh? I know you're
not a Nutter, but you're not seen
as being not a Nutter either.
I mean, are you with me?
Goodbye and thanks
for all the varicose veins(!)
Where's your pal Ben Swain?
Morning. Oh, what a sad day.
Yes, it is.
So, are you interested in...?
Yeah, I mean, I mean, yeah.
I mean...
But my first loyalty,
obviously, is to Hugh. Naturally.
Mr Ben Swain,
my main man, the Swain man.
Yeah, no,
I just told them I was
popping out for a sandwich,
which I was in fact and still am.
Listen, that,
that is the sound of my teeth.
What, already?
You're in a huddle with Tom NOW?
Of course I want in!
Well, yeah, absolutely.
Well, you're my man, aren't you?
You're the Ben, you're THE Ben.
You know you're, you're Ben Nevis,
Bentley Hill, you know?
I was thinking, this is just
like election night, but
we know that we've won already.
I want to see what's being said, OK?
Hugh, come on.
Ah, Hugh, you're on the plane?
How long have you been in the air?
Calling you from the plane?
He's not saying he loves you, is he?
Hello, Hugh?
He's gone. He didn't say, let's
roll, did he? That'd be really bad.
Thanks, Ollie.
Dr Mamood at 12:15, yeah,
and that's a scrape and a polish
and everything else, lovely.
Nick, Mr Hanway. Good afternoon.
Yes, how are you?
No, I'm fine, thank you.
Everything here is a little bit odd,
you know, little bit bob tod,
but, um... Ah, the Hughster.
Yeah, no, he's always
been a very big admirer of Tom.
So I don't see
why he wouldn't back Tom.
PHONE RINGS
Angela, hello.
Ollie, how are you?
I'm tickety-fuckerty-boo,
thank you very much.
Sorry? Tickerty-fuckety-boo.
It's something that Ben says.
Are you and Ben Swain big buds,
then?
Well, you know.
Just could you, um...
I'll come and talk to you.
Things are just
a little bit fluid here and Glenn's
not really a big Ben fan.
Ben Swain obviously, not the clock.
It's not the clock,
it's the bell that's called Big Ben.
So go on, tell me,
who else is running?
Well, no-one.
No-one's going to stand
against Tom. He'll be unopposed.
They'll be rebranding him as we
speak, I would imagine - new hair,
Ted Baker teeth, all the modern
trappings of your political leader.
Ollie, are you pissing?
Eh, no, that's the...
eh, the flush
of the automatic urinals.
It's a gentleman's lavatory.
I don't want to talk to you while
you're holding your penis. Well,
that's not what you used to say.
Yes, it is. No. Well, actually it
is precisely what you used to say.
We're hearing that someone has
booked in to do a Today interview
to announce they're standing.
Oh. 'You and big Ben
out of the loop on that one?'
Eh, no, no, no. That's, um, sorry,
that's, eh, Geoff Holhurst. 'Geoff?'
I just can't
comment on that, sorry, no.
I never know what to say when the
bloggers and the diary writers hit
me with, "What about this rumour?"
I'm not comfortable lying, Terri.
Oh, for God's sake, Robyn. Bloggers.
Tell them to bloody well sod off to
their grubby, dingy little bedrooms.
Now I'm getting calls about
Geoff Holhurst, about him standing.
About Geoff? Yeah.
Calls about that already? Yeah.
- Geoff Holhurst?
- Yeah.
For leader? That would
be extraordinary, very bizarre.
He's got such a tiny head.
You're right.
He's got a miniature head.
Is Geoff Tiny Head standing?
Is he out in the cold?
It's the last test tonight. Can
we get a radio in here or something?
Watch it on-line. What?
On the computer. Oh, no.
It's like making coffee
in a microwave, it's all wrong.
Tom's lot have gone into a huddle.
Really, already? This is it,
you know. This is where it begins,
this is who's in, who's out.
Have you heard anything?
(Fatty is out.)
Released to spend
more time with his fridge. Indeed.
Has anybody seen Jamie? Why?
Oh, don't tell me he's gone feral,
cos he was fucking terrifying
when you had him on the leash.
Let's not overreact.
Easy for you to say.
He threatened to shove an iPod up my
cock. Yeah, but you get that a lot.
Malcolm, while you're here...
Who is it that's booked to go
on Today tomorrow, do you know?
We could find out.
It could be Bob Ryan. It could be.
THEY LAUGH
That's exactly who it's gonna be.
Yeah, Glenn, probably Bob Ryan,
for fuck's sake. They'd
be going back in fucking time.
Yeah, I believe Disraeli's
standing as well. Oliver Cromwell.
So, yeah. Yeah, a lot of fish that
haven't crawled out onto the land
yet to form the first tetrapods.
SILENCE, TELEPHONE RINGS
I was hearing,
eh, maybe Geoff Holhurst.
Geoff?! No fucking way.
He's ruled himself out for definite.
Mind you, I could always go and fire
a warning shot across his throat.
What's that, is that Dan Miller?
..about possibly standing?
That's something
I'm not prepared to answer.
Ah. Ah. Very nice. Yes.
You don't think
he's got a chance, do you?
He's just a droid, isn't he?
He's just, "drr whsst pu, pu, pu!"
Hey, hey, don't, don't let him
hear you doing that sort of stuff.
What happens
if he does stand a chance, hey?
He'll fuck you harder than
Ron Jeremy, and with less warmth.
Right, if anyone hears
from that little clip Jamie,
give me a call, yeah?
Right, Geoff Holhurst.
Yeah.
What, Ollie's
our source on this?
Ollie Reeder?
Shallow throat, brilliant(!)
Yeah, I know you don't rate him...
Ollie Reeder is,
to quote Bobby Kennedy,
a complete fucking spasmanoid.
Plus you know how Geoff Holhurst
photograph's.
It looks like his body's
in the foreground
and his head is really far away.
He looks fucking weird. Yeah.
Just something solid, OK?
Otherwise our front page
will be an interview
with Janet Street Porter on why
she hasn't been asked to be Prime
Minister and a giant fucking Sudoku.
Malcolm. Oh, Elvis. Sorry, sorry
Cliff. Cliff, where are you off to?
I'm actually off
to see an old colleague,
you know, from the old days,
from before you asked me to resign.
Lovely. Look, I'd love to stop
and chat but I'd rather
have type 2 diabetes(!)
Yes, fuck you, Malcolm.
Yeah, happy New Year.
Right, hi, Geoff. Don't stand. Oh.
No, no, I mean,
don't stand against Tom.
Now, do you see what I did there?
I was both being funny
and also deadly serious.
Where did you hear that?
Never mind where I heard it from.
The thing is, Geoff,
you're gonna waste everybody's time.
I'm not standing.
I'm trying to start a policy debate.
About the future direction
of the party and the government.
First, you've got no credentials.
You're so back bench
you've virtually fucking fallen off.
You're out by the fucking bins
where I put you. Are you
listening to me? I'm not standing.
Secondly, I'll tell The Mirror
about the drinking.
I'm not drinking.
And thirdly, I'm gonna
tell The Mail about the affair.
And fourthly,
you've got a tiny head.
No, I haven't.
Yes, you have. It's out of
proportion. Everybody mentions it.
Look... See, you're shaking
it and I can hardly see it move.
Are you shaking it now?
I can't tell. I'm not standing, OK?
My head is
the right size, all right?
It is very petite.
So you're not standing? No.
Right, you will not stand against
Tom. I've said, I bloody said.
OK, thank you, Geoff.
Let's go. Ariva-fucking-derci.
Let's have lunch some time.
We'll have tete-a tiny-tete. Jesus.
Oh, Nice Nutter Nick.
What was all that about?
Just, eh, you know,
putting out a fire.
Definitely out? Definitely out.
Pissed out, steaming cinders, pal.
Does Tom know you're here?
Yeah, of course.
So how's the rebrand going?
OK. We've booked him
for a photograph on Tuesday.
He's taking the family to
a Harvester. Oh, Jesus Christ,
really? Yeah.
"Have you been to a Harvester
before, Prime Minister?
"No, I've never been outside
the fucking house
with my family before." Anyway...
Um, look, do you know
the name of the bod who's booked
to go on Today in the morning?
Sure, yeah. Do you know?
Yeah, we just found out.
So, you know who it is?
Of course, I know. There's nothing
that you know that I don't know.
I'm Dr fucking Know.
Who is it?
Is this, are you testing me now?
Is it, cos I mean I could test you.
And we could have a
big match or testostethon.
How do I know that you've
got the fucking name anyway?
Because Hugo at Today told us.
Right.
So what name have you got?
Dan Miller.
Oh, OK, so you do know.
Of course I fucking do.
Look, Tom's announcing his team
in the morning and I've got to stop
Dan Miller announcing his team
two hours before we announce
ours, so if you want
to get on the bus that's...
That is my mission.
You, Mr Nutty Bar,
have given me a task.
Jesus Christ, who the
fuck does Tom think he is?
The next prime minister
of Great Britain
and Northern Ireland, Malcolm.
Nick, tell the mighty fucking Tom
that his transition will be as
smooth as a Brazilian's fucking...
Oh, Trinny AND Susannah.
Well, I'm sorry to burst into
your little fucking boutique,
but you've got a fight on your hands,
that's all I'm saying.
I'm backing a rival candidate, so
fuck you and fuck you and your Nutter
coronation, cos it ain't happening.
So you're backing Dan Miller?
No, I'm not backing Dan Miller.
Don't you fucking
ever ask me a question again.
Fatty? Oh, aye, Fatty,
yeah, with his Spiderman pyjamas.
The fucking idiot.
From now on it's a proper fight.
It's a pub fight, Motherwell rules.
And Tom is gonna get
a pint glass in his fucking eye,
and a pool cue up his arse,
and another
pool cue in his other fucking eye.
Geoff Holhurst. Oh, what
Mr Baby New Potato Head? Fuck off.
Hey, my main man,
how are you doing?
Nice for the slice, big Ben.
How are you? Good. Hi, Glenn.
Ben. How, how's everything with you?
How, how's the huddle?
What is the next move?
The next move, my aged retainer,
will be...the next move.
Gosh, I'm gonna write that down,
does it mean anything?
I've got a few things to do here
then I'm getting back to the huddle.
Why don't you come over
to the hotel. Have a chat with Tom,
press the flesh.
Step up onto the bridge of
the Starship Government.
Through the doors, Mr Spock, OK?
Sounds great. We'll see
you there, yeah? Yeah. Kirk out.
Are you a horse?
Sorry?
Are you a fucking horse?
Um, I don't, I don't know
what you mean, what?
Are you a fucking horse?
OK, no, I'm not a horse.
Are you sure? I'm sure.
You've got a pretty fucking horsy
face, and a bit of a horsy wife.
Are you a fucking horse, are you?
OK, leaving the wife aside
for a second... Are you a horse?
No. Exactly!
I can categorically
say that I am not a horse.
Exactly, you are not a fucking horse.
You are no horse,
and you are not a stocking horse.
Oh. You are the real thing.
Oh, right.
And we are gonna ram you up
Tom's arse so hard that he has
to shit out of his lying mouth.
Oh, it's not a very
nice image really, is it?
But, um, that's very motivating.
Hello. Eh, could I just
put you on hold for two seconds?
Hugh is, what, everyone says
the fifth or sixth most influential
figure in the Cabinet.
All right, the seventh. Just...
Geoffrey, can you just hold
on a moment? ..What is it, Robyn?
Someone has leaked some
things about immigration policy
and computers, and The Mail
would like to know what our line is.
Oh, for fuck sake,
that's not a priority, stonewall it.
But I can't just say...
Give them the cold cock, Robyn.
Sorry... What is the cold cock?
Look, nothing is
happening on that tonight, OK?
We've only got one fish fryer
in here and we've got a massive
political fish to fry, OK. Yes.
Don't mention the massive
political fish
when you're talking to them.
..Oh, some crap.
..Sorry to interrupt, um...
Hi, Angela, um, well to be honest,
nothing is happening here about that.
Yeah, everybody's at a standstill,
so is that OK?
Hugh's a, he's a figure of solidity,
isn't he? That's what he is.
He's like, um, he's like,
you know like WH Smith's, right?
You don't notice that
it's there everyday, do you,
but if it was suddenly gone,
you might just think, "Fuck."
Ol? "..Where am I gonna get my pens?"
Can I just... Can I... I'll
call you back, hang on, sorry, bye.
What is it? Just...
All right, Glenn.
I'm gonna leave you to your
switchboard duties. Fair enough.
Don't worry about us here.
Going back where the action is.
Don't want to miss a chance of
getting into Uncle Tom's Cabinet.
OK. Problems?
It's, eh, it's Howard time.
What is it? There's been a wild cat
walkout at Watford immigration
centre and whoever's been
leaking has told the press that we
weren't prepared to spent money
on repairs for the computer system.
The Mail have told them that this
department refuses point-blank
to do or say anything about it,
and so the night shift
have walked out.
Robyn, what the fuck do you
think you're doing? I cold cocked.
You said to. Jesus.
I said nothing was happening,
I said nothing was going on here.
Where did you learn that?
The civil servant school
of telling the fucking truth(?)
You said cold cocks. Well, yes.
And get Ollie. Eh, right, I
want you to, to deal with it.
I'm gonna get back to the huddle.
You, I want you to get onto
the press. I want you to
tell them I am, I'm all over it.
Yeah. And I'm gonna instigate
a spectrum wide sweep of
every aspect of the, eh, the thing.
OK. And that I'm not being
distracted by leadership bids, yeah?
Sure, no problem, Ben.
I'll see you at the hotel.
Eh, yeah, sure, but get this done.
We'll see. Right, bring me back a
tiny wee Fanta from the mini bar.
TELEPHONE RINGS
Get the...
PHONE RINGS
Hi, Malc. There is
a glacier of shit at DOSAC.
I need you over here
with a fucking blowtorch right now!
And then Liam said that
someone suggested that Tom
should go
on Strictly Come Dancing.
He can barely even walk.
He looks like he shat himself
the whole time. He often has.
Right, listen up, where's Robyn?
Here. Robyn, come here.
Quick, listen,
I'm bringing Jamie in to fire fight
this Watford story, OK?
So you're working with
Jamie for the rest of the night.
You take orders from Jamie.
You are going to bury
this Watford arse ache tonight, OK?!
Because tomorrow morning,
from broadsheets to white rags
I want page one, two and three
to be a profile of Tom looking
like a fucking political colossus.
You know, Tom meeting the Pope,
Tom in an NHS hospital
chatting to little baldy kiddies.
I want pages four and five
to be a timeline of the last
few years in British politics,
with me at the centre,
looking fucking indispensable,
and fucking benign.
And I want page six to be
fucking Israel or some bullshit,
not a fucking doe sack, dip shit
legacy distracting cock up!?
Right, Jamie, look I just have to
say at this point that I do find him
a little bit frightening.
Relax, he has never hit anyone,
or at least anyone he has hit
has never had the balls
to take it to a superior.
It's a fucking joke.
It's a joke, OK. The man is a
professional, you will be fine.
Actually, Malcolm, eh, we
still have no word on Dan Miller.
He's gone dark,
he's not answering his phone.
Maybe he's in a hotel
with his own huddle. Ring around,
try and find him.
What, ring every hotel in London
and ask if Dan Miller's booked in?
Yeah, although he could
be using an assumed name.
So you want me to ring round
every hotel in London and ask
if anyone of any name has booked in?
It will keep you busy.
You need to keep
the mind active at your age.
You, walk my way.
I need you to go over there for me,
I need you in that hotel.
Oh, what, you're out of the loop?
Fuck you, Andy Pandy, I AM the loop.
I want you in for reasons that will
not become clear to you
for about 200 years, so just do it.
Specifically see if any Dan Millers
are in there mincing around
in fishnets and high heels. Yeah.
And I want updates every five,
right? OK.
And listen,
get onto your ex at The Mail, right,
tell her no fucker is standing.
They've all evaporated like
cat's piss on a hot tin roof. OK.
OK, twat weasel, you got that?
Yes, thank you.
Malcolm Tucker
is an investor in people(!)
Yes, I heard that, fuck you.
OK, the line is,
eh, wild cat walk out.
We'll be talking to the unions.
It's too early to comment.
Off the record...
union Neanderthals with
brains the size of children's bogies
couldn't take the heat
of Hugh Abbott's ring stinging,
shit-hot public sector reforms,
but he's flying back like Harrison
Ford with a big whip in one hand
and a skinny latte in the other
and he's going to whip six shades
of shit out of them
and save the world, OK?
OK, got that, "six shades of shit."
So, what are you doing?
I'm making a note of some of the
things that you said to refer to.
Don't take notes,
get on the fucking phone.
Start pumping the line, OK?
Right. And don't look so scared, eh?
It's gonna be all right.
I'm being polite, aren't I?
Yeah well sort of.
Well, exactly, so get on it, you
fucking hippie, or I will personally
have you as a light supper.
OK, how does this sound, all right?
"After a period, out of favour
with the so-called powers that be,
"I know what it's like to
feel the rough edge of this
government's lack of concern..."
Shit, Cliff, that is just...
self-pity and shit.
Right, there is a germ
there though, isn't there?
No, it sucks cock.
It sucks cock so deep
the bell end's wearing your
appendix as a little hat.
Well, could you be a bit more,
you know, specific in your criticism
rather than a stream of abuse,
cos that would, you know...
I think it's a bit defensive,
just a little...
Hey you!! Virgin West Coast, shut it.
You don't even know he's here, OK?
In fact, get out of here,
this is an operations room.
So unless you want your tonsils
removed by keyhole surgery with
this fucking key here, piss off.
Right, latest. Ollie says no-one's
standing in Tom's way, definite.
Oh, Ollie says, does he?
But the nutter's done it now,
he's our best source.
What for, raw sewage? Ah!
Right,
just start a Tom story, all right?
But just as the spine,
don't elaborate. Just keep your
options open, all right.
OK. And get rid of that
Dan Miller horse shit
and get going on the Tom.
OK, people let's go, come on!
Terri, I think you've dialled
the wrong number, this is not the
Samaritans. Yes, very funny.
Listen, I've got something
for you, a bit of intelligence.
Jamie has got Cliff Lawton
as his stalking horse.
Who told you it was Lawton,
Martha Carly's gardener?
Malcolm, it was Robyn who told me.
Malcolm, are you there?
Nobody gives a shit
if you got shafted by Malcolm.
I will never, ever forgive
him for what he did to me.
Jesus, this isn't EastEnders,
this is politics.
We're all on the same plate.
Cliff, there's no clean hands.
TELEPHONE RINGS
All right.
Yeah?
Jamie, what's that sort of droning
noise in the background, then?
Here's a more positive approach.
Try this...
It's a boring kind of,
low sort of droning, boring kind
of miserably whining,
boring kind of,
sort of boring noise going on?
You've got it wrong.
Cliff fucking Lawton.
Hey, nice. Was the Cillit Bang
guy not available? Oh, fuck you.
..To put it simply, I'm back.
Oh, fuck off, Cliff.
Sorry?
Fuck off, you're a busted flush.
You're not gonna be prime minister,
so fuck off.
This is your thing, isn't it?
Everything has to be
an absolute, black and white.
You know, I love you, fuck off.
There are lots of shades of grey,
you know. Oh, I know that.
I'm looking at 15 of them right now.
See you later, no mark.
No, no, no, he is a nice guy,
it's just that apparently every
18 months, two years, he burns out.
It takes a tug boat full
of Prozac to get him righted.
They're here, everyone!
Team Cliff are here!
# Uh-uh uh-uh-uh-uh
uh-uh-uh-uh-uh uh-uh. #
Fantastic.
As if I would fucking
associate with Cliff Lawton.
I'm not a fucking joke.
You've got this
Walford story covered, yeah? Yeah.
You and I will have
a little discussion later. Yeah.
I think Watford will get bumped
by the fact that we're about to hand
the nuclear codes to a guy who,
every now and
then, loses it so bad he needs
Sat Nav to find his own nipples.
What are you talking about?
Well, I just thought it as fair
to let everyone know about the
Tom rumours, you know, you know?
How the guy that's
about to become prime minister
chugs antidepressants
like they're fucking Smints.
How the black dog humps his leg and
shits in his duvet every four months.
I think that will bump
the Watford walk out.
You've gone fucking psycho, son,
fucking psycho.
TWAT!
The leader of
the Nutters is a nutter.
Jesus, my niece is funnier
than that, she just
makes jokes about poo.
No, I don't think that they'll
run with it, cos it's libellous,
that's just as libellous
as the Hugh Edwards rumour.
It's not my jurisdiction.
Nick Hanway looks after Tom,
not me. Thanks, bye.
You're not dealing with this
then? Yes, I AM dealing with it,
but officially YOU'RE dealing
with it, cos I don't
want to step on any toes.
Everyone gets down now and again.
Loads of people take
antidepressants, millions.
Yeah, your potential PM for one.
Oh. YOUR potential PM, not ours.
Oh, look don't start
with the fucking semantics'
shit against, Tomsky.
You know what I call semantics?
Wank.
So, what do you say, we bury it?
Are you asking me to manage this?
Tom's not sure about you.
Yeah, Tom is enormously
mental in the head,
as we've just been discussing.
You might want to get back to base.
Looks like your boss
is losing supporters.
He's cracked.
He's suddenly got subsidence.
I'm getting a lot of calls.
Well, you're Communications,
Robyn, that does tend to happen.
Don't do jokes, Glenn, you're not
a funny man, you're not that type.
Have you been talking to Malcolm?
No, should I have?
Well, who did you mention
Cliff Lawton to then?
Well, only Terri. For fuck's sake,
woman! What is your fucking problem?
No, no don't answer that.
We'll be here all fucking night.
Well, you were here all
fucking night.
Hey, have you forgotten the key, huh?
Oh, I... I'm terribly sorry.
He's lost about 25 MPs
in the last 12 minutes.
Let me tell you,
this is serious wobble.
Christ, I haven't seen a wobble like
this since Fat Pat gave me a lap
dance. Does Hugh know about this?
Yes.
This is the antidepressant thing?
No, haven't you heard?
We're at war with Argentina.
Yes, it's the fucking
antidepressants thing. Jesus Christ.
You're like some fucking
old computer that nobody
will take off your hands.
You should be out in a fucking skip.
Hi, Jamie, uh,
what can I do for you?
I need you back here now.
Oh, um... Well, I'm, I'm asking
nicely, but if necessary,
I could come and kidnap you.
I do keep a balaclava
and gaffer tape in my car.
No, I actually do,
do you hear me, Terri?!
Right, how many has he lost?
At least half a dozen.
That's all right though, isn't it?
Still in the hundreds.
That's way above the 44.
What does McCauley Caulkin
think's gonna happen next?
Um, he doesn't know.
Of course he doesn't fucking know.
He's about as
connected as a kibbutz.
Right, come on then, chop chop.
What am I doing?
I don't know,
just get on with it.
HUM OF CONVERSATION
Getting pretty tense out there.
Yeah, yeah.
So how come none of
Dan Miller's guys are here?
Sorry, who the fuck are you?
I'm Ollie Reeder.
I work with Ben Swain at DOSAC.
Oh, right. Yeah, sorry.
Bennie, big Ben, Benjamin,
min ya who, how you doing?
It's all getting a bit, um wragh!
God, in there, isn't it?
Well, there's always wobbles.
There were last time?
Fat Pat was just on the phone to Tom
asking him if he wants to withdraw.
Are you pissing about?
No, I'm not, not any more no,
so, so what, so what now?
Fuck! No, she, she didn't actually
say that he should withdraw,
she was just saying, he should
consider it, you know.
Have you gone mad
in your blinky head?
That's senior communications
telling us, "We'll just
leave that shotgun lying there
"in case you want to use it,
Mr Cobain."
So this is it.
So Tom goes down like the Belgrano
and we all just go down with him?
Fuck it, if I knew it was end up like
this, I'd have just spent my
time in a basement with Bjorn Borg,
a bag of cocaine and some prozzers.
KNOCK ON DOOR
Come in!
Oh, Glenn Connell, how
fairs the witching hour with you?
Well, I've had better nights.
The one where my appendix burst
and my mother died springs to mind.
What, on the same night?
Christmas Eve.
Bloody hell, that's a bit steep.
Why don't you sit down,
pull up a pew and have a listen,
because this always makes the
world seem a slightly nicer place.
Help yourself to a biscuit.
No, not for me. I don't think
these are by appointment.
I'm supposed to be keeping
Hugh abreast of everything, but
I'm feeling about as up to date
as the Gregorian calendar.
I'm completely out of the loop.
Join the club,
I'm having a bit of a
Robinson Crusoe moment myself.
But, between you and me,
I'm beginning to piss myself
with excitement because
(I've started to leak the
immigration figures to the press.)
You're leaking? Mm-hm.
That IS funny,
Julius Nicholson, the wild one.
I'm the new Che Guevara,
I'll just need a new moustache.
And some
laser correction eye treatment. Ah.
PHONE RINGS
Hello.
Right, well, well what's the plan?
They don't have a plan. OK,
perhaps you should give them one.
Well, yes, fantastic, because
obviously I have a very suitable one
tattooed on the underside
of my scrotum, so why don't we...
Shut it, you're using up all
the minutes on my "talk till
you get head cancer" tariff.
Listen, get hold of Nick.
Ask him if he's thought
about sounding out another body,
a safe pair of hands.
Suggest Clare Ballentine.
She's highly regarded, she's clean,
and she could theoretically
occupy the same space as Tom.
Call me in three.
Um, Ben?
I've had a quick thought. Yeah,
go on, enlighten us, grasshopper.
If Tom's dying, he doesn't have
to die, we can take his DNA
and transfer it to a healthier home.
What are you talking about? This
is not a science fiction analogy.
What I'm saying is why don't
we sound out a potential fall-back.
Who?
Clare Ballentine.
She's, she's highly regarded,
she's... Yeah, on the line. OK.
She, what do you think?
Um, to be honest, I was really
hoping that was gonna be shit
because I'm tired and I'd
quite like to hit someone, so...
OK, where though?
My office in Richmond Terrace?
Yeah, OK, right, let's get there.
Chop chop!
So it's Ballentine?
Well, it's a sideways move,
but it kind of makes sense.
Shall we run with it?
Well, it's definitely happening.
She's on her way in.
Is it gonna stand up?
I think it'll stand up. You think?
Probably. If you were me?
I'd have a sex change.
Very fucking funny(!)
Right, fuck it let's do it.
Let's run with it.
Let's go, Ballentine story.
We've got to run with something
otherwise we'll have to reprint
Hitler's fucking diaries again.
There's a pack of them behind me.
I'll be with you in about a minute.
Is she on her way?
Yeah, yeah, Mark's got her in a car.
Excuse me. Coming through.
OK, thanks. ..This is The Times.
They're saying they know
exactly how much the immigration
computer overspend was
and it's a really, really big number
and they're throwing
lots of new stats at me.
Somebody's leaking this stuff.
All right, Terri, there's all
sorts of immigration shit hitting us,
and I need you in here now
to eat that shit, OK?
Lots of love, bye.
We've only got one minute. OK...
VACUUM CLEANER POWERS UP
Nick's ready to dump
Tom if Ballentine's up for it.
You have made me very, very happy.
Yeah, you look it, I can see.
There you go,
like a herd of wildebeest
dressed by Burton.
Stampede at the Debenham's sale.
- Hello.
- What's this? What's this?
What's all this carry on?
What are you all doing here?
Listen, we've had a bit of brainwave.
We're gonna float Clare Ballentine
as a possible.
Clare Ballentine? Yeah.
A great idea. Fucking great idea.
Where'd you get that from? You know?
Hey, Malcolm, Malcolm,
what the fuck's happening?
Tom's in trouble.
Good. His numbers are falling.
Good. I suggested that they
take a look at another runner.
What's going on?
Basically Clare Ballentine's
coming in, because, eh, Tom...
Who's she?
She's a back bench MP.
She did the, um,
what's that committee?
What colour hair's she got?
Orange. Is it relevant?
Is it the woman with the freckles?
The freckly lady...
She's lovely. Fine!
Clare Ballentine.
OK.
OK, I'm not hating that.
That's not total shit.
Are you in on this?
I'm not leaving it to you.
You couldn't organise a bum rape
in a barracks.
Au contraire!
Tell me what's going on.
Well, I think it's
probably better if Nick...
Nick called me in?! Yeah, he did.
And what are you,
the late night coffee boy?
Well, no, I... Hi, Clare,
thanks very, much for coming in.
Thank you, nice to be here.
Like the hair, Clare.
Oh, the hair, Clare(!)
Ties with the look. Yes,
can I just get this straight,
it's three in the bloody morning.
Yes, it is, that's true.
Statistically the time
when most suicides occur.
The Indie had a pull-out
on self-harm.
It said it in there.
You know Nick, don't you?
Yes, I know Nick. Hi, good morning.
Morning. Ben Swank.
Hi. I'm really sorry, why am I here?
Shall we go through to
the meeting room? Let's get her
a little bit of privacy.
Take a seat, take a seat.
Tom's position is perhaps not
as crystal-clear as it was.
And we have been tasked with
sounding out a possible alternative.
You, Clare,
are the unanimous choice.
You are very highly regarded, very.
You have a fantastic track record.
Canny operator. Tremendous gravitas.
Good hair, yeah.
Am I really the only person
you could think of to drag out
of bed at three in the morning?
I've never had
any ambitions in this direction.
Only cos you're not a careerist
or people don't see you as
some power-crazed Tibia.
You're like a...
You're like a female John Major.
No, but in a really good way.
- That's a really good thing to be.
- Is Tom aware of this?
Eh... Um, Nick can explain the...
Well, between ourselves
Tom is not aware of that, so...
Well, you know he must be aware
that something like this betrayal
will be going on, you know, unless
he's madder than we think he is.
Maybe, maybe, maybe he's dressed
as Pat Phoenix, wanking into
a desk tidy. It's possible.
Well, on that delicate note,
I would like to say no,
and I will stick to having been
captain of the Guides.
HUBBUB
Excuse me, everyone, everyone.
Clare, is this a private matter?
Eh, it is.
I knew it, it's a private matter.
Excuse us, just through here.
Clare, in there, in here.
Who put the pit bull
in charge all of a sudden?
It's a private matter.
He's just following
his political instincts, OK?
He's like one of them sniffer dogs
that we send after Semtex.
MUFFLED CONVERSATION
She is addicted to online poker.
Well, could that play
in her favour, do you think?
She used her own fucking name.
Oh, Christ.
Well, erm, thank you very
much indeed for your, erm,
support and understanding
and, erm... I'll be off to bed.
Thanks for coming in, Clare.
Night, night.
Yeah, cheers... You're BUST!
That's pontoon, mate.
- Is it? Oh, right.
- Clare fucking Ballentine, eh?
What a great idea that was.
Clare Ballentine!
- They've ditched Ballentine.
- What!
- Already?
- Yeah.
What the fuck is wrong
with these people, and what is this,
potential leader speed dating?
Right, who is standing?
- I don't know.
- Well, ditch that for a start.
And get rid of her -
I can't stand her fucking face.
- You should eat something.
- Oh, yeah, eat something,
that'd be right!
You know what, our coverage so
far has either been wrong or
guesswork, which was wrong.
So all we have now
is a story-shaped hole.
Seriously your blood sugar's low.
- Right.
- It makes you very irritable.
No, what makes me very irritable,
Angela, is having no fucking stories
and having to fill
an entire newspaper
with just fucking prepositions.
Could we have this conversation
near some coffee?
- No.
- Thought not.
No, this is a secret conversation
and I'm hoping that this time you can
keep the fucking secret cos normally
you're as secure as a hymen
in a south London comprehensive.
Yep, well done, that's offensive
on a number of levels
in a very concise way.
- The leaks are coming from in here.
- What, in the gents?
- No, the leaks are coming from
Richmond fucking Terrace.
I want you to find out who
the mole is, so we can play that game
where the mole pops up
and I smash it with a fucking hammer.
- That is crossing the line, Jamie.
- Well, pardon me.
Don't stare at the fucking urinals,
that's rude.
I've never seen one before,
I'm quite intrigued.
Yeah, yeah
for sure Ballentine's out.
Thanks for that,
Malcolm, really appreciate it.
Know what they're calling her?
Ugly Betty. Fucking brilliant.
So it's a big night for you, huh?
Well, yeah, you know...
Right, listen, this Tom story, who's
got it? How are you gonna run it?
You mean the vitamins?
Yes, the vitamins, ha, ha, ha.
Probably nothing actually,
to be honest. Nothing at all?
If he's gonna be the next PM,
I don't wanna piss him off with
something that can't stand up.
Good call. I should
get you over here sometime, yeah?
I'd love that. And obviously
if you do run this pill story...
Yeah. ..I will personally
fucking eviscerate you, right?
Right. And, I mean,
I don't have your education,
I don't know what that means, but
I'll start by ripping your cock off
and busk it from there.
Good, thank you again.
Talk to you later.
Cheers, bye-bye, now.
He's a nice guy.
Nick,
I've just had The Mail on the phone.
They're running with the Tom story.
It's not looking good. No, it's
good, I'm sorry, it's everywhere.
Yeah. Spreading faster
than a rent boy's cheeks.
We're gonna need a plan B here.
Erm...
What about Geoff Holhurst?
Well, his head
photographs quite badly so...
OK, um...
Do you think
Ben could run?
If you think and look, you know,
it's up to you, Nick. Yeah, yeah.
I can try him out if you think...
Yeah. ..if you think that he
will... Yeah, yeah. Let's get him in.
Give him a wash and brush up,
we'll botox his eyes open.
I'll get the press to stop
calling him Blinky Ben.
Yeah. Yeah? As a matter of priority.
So why have you got me,
why have you called me back in?
Are we gonna do a post-Clare,
pre-emptive Dan Miller strike?
We're thinking, Ben, um,
about you. About...
Sorry, as in me?
People still want a Tom figure
but Tom is, is tainted, you know.
But you, you're clean, y'know...
You're the acceptable face of Tom.
Tom is analogue in a digital age.
You are digital, Ben.
You are Digi-Ben.
Erm... I think,
I really think you could get it.
I really do.
I really
genuinely do.
Oh, shit-cakes. I've...
What, eh, so I could be
like a younger sort of, eh,
hunger, the hungrier, leaner version
of Tom, is that it? Not leaner...
All right, a younger, hungrier Tom?
That's it! I mean because there's
an army of people out there
who want Tom's ideas.
You could bring those ideas but,
you know, without the dribbling.
Ollie, Ollie-wally-doodle!
Ben, Big Ben, throw the Benjamin.
Why, um, what's with the coming in?
Things are happening,
the game is afoot.
Is it a particular game that...?
I'm just gonna go and
make some nuisance calls...
Stop fucking blinking
or I will take your optic nerve
and strangle you with it.
OK. You look after him, Ollie, OK?
He's a very important man.
Cock like a caber. What's um...
You see Malcolm thinks I've got
a shot, more than just a shot.
At the leadership?
Yeah, I'm Digi-Ben.
Great. Malcolm's taking some
soundings, but this is it, you know.
Do you want a pre meeting?
Do you want to be part of Team Ben,
the B team?
The B team?
The A team, call it that.
I'd love to, Ben. Yeah, OK.
Big Ben now. Hey! Ben Ladin.
No, not that Ben. No, not that, OK.
Let's go. Yeah.
I hope you've made this strong,
Robyn.
There's no bloody milk.
- Oh, forget the milk.
- There's no...huh!
It doesn't matter. Forget it.
- Cos I'm not going out.
- Forget it.
Now I will deal with the press stuff
and you can find out who's been,
um, leaking.
What? Well, I can't!
I mean, that's not the...
- That's spying.
- Yes, Robyn.
I think you'll find that
in my job description
it doesn't include spying.
Are we going to have to have, um,
the attitude conversation again,
Robyn?
- But that's YOUR attitude.
- Are we?
Hey, desperate housewives,
found out who's leaking yet?
I have.
It's Julius. He's just told me.
Wait, wait, no, what I...
Julius?! Yeah... Nicholson?!
That baldy pussy.
Well, if he thinks he's leaking now,
wait till you see him
when I'm finished with him.
He'll look like fucking Mel Gibson's
Jesus. Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
Oh, dear.
Yeah, Ben Swain, Angela.
Young but he's heavyweight.
He's the heavyweight of hope.
Heavyweight of hope?
Yeah, don't put that.
We might rethink that.
But honey, I need to talk to the big
man. Can you put me through to Adam?
Why? Because I'm ascending into
the political fuck-off-osphere,
Angela, that's why. Yeah, well
he's busy. He'll call you back.
Oh, look it's the little
turncoat in Richmond Terrace.
Going back to the hotel
and the plotters, are we?
Nobody's plotting anything, Glenn.
It's just a...
Ooh, hello, the Golden Girls.
The party's hotting up.
I'm listening to the test match,
just going to get some biscuits.
Look at you both, hanging round like
a couple of school secretaries in
the summer holiday, nothing to do.
Well,
the reason I'm not doing anything,
is you were meant to keep me
informed so I could keep Hugh
abreast of developments.
Well, in case you hadn't noticed,
Glenn, it's all gone
a bit starey-eyed,
twitchy, motherfucking
crazy out there.
I hope the Nutters have
made you olive monitor or
whatever it is that you want.
Why am I supposed to be
batting for Hugh exactly?
Why am I supposed to be looking
after fucking Eeyore in
the lion's den on this night?
What? Because
he's your boss, you little prick!
No, seriously though,
it's all changed. Give me reasons.
What is the point of Hugh now?
What's the point of you?
That's it, that's the last straw.
We're finished. I'm done with you.
We're over you, you fucking pond
life. Oh, no, oh! Glenn's dumped me.
I'm gonna have to go home and gorge
on chocolate, get pissed on Cava
and look at a picture of
you in your bathing trunks.
Little shit. Don't fucking push me,
Uncle Bulgaria!
What are you gonna do?
Push you back, you crumbling
sandcastle... That's assault!
..of a human being.
I can take you out.
Take the swing for me.
These are good biscuits and they
cost 4. Just take care, will you.
For crying out loud, come on!
Honestly.
Why don't I get something in?
A man cannot live on Jaffa cakes
alone, obviously. I've tried.
I could do with some food.
Oh, what's this, feeding time?
You on solids? I thought
you were still on the tit.
I did order a curry
but I don't know what's happened
to that wee fucking Asian guy
with a bagful of chapatis.
They've probably shot him by now.
Malcolm! Not in the current climate!
Get us a bit of cheese, will you?
A whip cracking cheddar that even
I can still taste even after all the
years of degradation
I've put my taste buds through.
Yeah, right.
Right, come on, just a bit of cheese
for me and Dr Strangelove here.
I'm a little bit busy here
to be honest, Malcolm,
to be getting cheese.
If you don't go and get me some
cheese, I'm gonna rip your head
off and give you a spine-dectomy.
- Was he?!
- I'll just, eh,
I'll find out.
- Ben!
- So you know when...
Can I just check something,
you're not standing, are you?
Terri, the line is, when I said
I wasn't standing, then
I definitely wasn't standing.
- When was that?
- That was earlier.
Right, so should it be somebody
mentions your name who'd be...
Yeah, if somebody mentions my name,
then my name will be mentioned.
That IS basically obvious.
I would simply note my name was being
mentioned, an interesting fact.
- One that would have to be
factored into the whole...
- OK.
- ..matrix of factors.
Fine, no worries.
- Crystal-clear.
- If you'd excuse me.
- Fabulous.
- I'd say he stated the obvious.
He's standing.
No, he's definitely standing.
What's the news?
- What?
- Just tell me what the fucking news
is and I'll put it on the front page.
It's not like we're The Independent,
we can't just stick a headline saying
"Cruelty" and then stick a picture of
a dolphin or a whale underneath it.
I mean that's just, that's just
fucking cheating. That's rubbish.
Well, what I'm hearing...
- is Ben Swain.
- Ben Swain?
Yeah.
Right.
I literally don't know who he is.
I'm not being stupid or anything
but I physically don't know
who Ben Swain is.
He could be, he could be the leader
of the special boat squadron.
Service.
The special boat service or
whatever it's fucking called.
And this could be a massive coup.
Ben Swain is what I'm hearing.
Nick, good news, I've killed
the anti-depressant story. Oh.
I've been on to The Mail.
They're not gonna run it.
The wobble is over.
Tom is now cycling with stabilisers.
Oh, that's great news. How did
you do it? That would be telling!
But you'll...
You'll let him know, yeah?
You will tell the new Prime Minister
who stopped this, yeah?
Cos, I mean, if you were to take all
the credit, well I might have to let
him know that you were responsible
for starting this Ben running thing.
Ben was just an option.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Well just you make sure
I'm inside the tent pissing out.
In fact forget the fucking tent,
I want a caravan of my own adjoining
Tom's with a big pissing veranda.
Who's gonna tell Ben?
Cos, you know, this is pretty tough
for the big guy.
Watch this, watch. OK.
Ben, Ben.
Where's Ollie? He's bigging me up,
floating me, talking to the media,
on top of it.
Yeah. Sorry. I've sent him out
looking for cheese. At six, yeah.
Malcolm! Mac T, Macarola.
Have you tracked down Dan Miller?
No, he's the nowhere man.
He's fucking nowhere.
The good news however is that the,
eh, well, the Tom wobble, it's over.
And so... That's great, isn't it?
Yeah, yeah! Why?
So, so he's not wobbling.
What does that mean?
Well, it means the rats are
now returning to a very buoyant ship
and they're playing deck tennis,
so that's lovely, isn't it?
What does that mean for me then?
I guess that means
that you're standing in
the Chamber of the House of Commons
with your big flaccid dick
hanging out, with a Vote For Me
sticker on the end.
But you said, half-an-hour ago,
you said I was in with a shot!
Don't fucking... Look, half-an-hour
ago you WERE in with a shot.
This is half-an-hour hence.
We've fucking time travelled, yes?
We're in a weird and wonderful world
where everything is different.
Maybe outside
the polar icecaps have melted.
Maybe there's fucking
robots knocking about,
and Davina McCall's Pope.
Maybe you can download rice.
I want you right now to think
about your future, OK?
Think about what you are doing.
Get yourself back on the train
to fucking Tomsville pronto, yeah?
Yeah. Half-an-hour ago...
CRICKET MATCH PLAYS ON RADIO
There's no disgrace in losing but...
Well, there's no disgrace
but still...
Going like this is,
this is just, I mean.
Oh, God, it's like a prostate
consultant's waiting room in here.
OK.
Right, wakey, wakey.
Number one, I wanna know
where fucking Dan Miller is.
And number two, I want to know what
the sneaky little tosser's up to.
One, Malcolm, I don't know.
Two, Malcolm, I don't care.
And three, Malcolm, I note his stock
is quite high at the moment.
So if I was a betting man,
I think he's a good bet.
He's not a good bet.
Well, I'm a betting man
and I think, let's bet on Ben.
Don't tell me this.
Oh, for...
Now reverse swing starts to take
place. Oh, that is just perfect.
Shut up. You're just a pair of twats
talking a pile of fucking bullshit.
It's not bullshit, Malcolm,
it's the test match.
What's that, cricket?
That's the English equivalent
of sport, isn't it?
No actual physical contact...
just glaring.
It's the cricket, it's the cricket.
It's strategy, prowess...
Have a prawn!
Nicholson! Nicolson! >
The immigration shit,
it was you, wasn't it?
You mimsy-bastard-quisling-leak
fuck!
- Sorry.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, you will be sorry,
you inflatable cock.
You fucking sold us out, didn't you?
Deny it!
Well, James, I can't deny
something till I have the actual
charge presented to me.
Oh, oh, oh, oh! "The actual charge."
You mean apart from the charge
you're gonna get
when I clamp jump leads
to you your baldy bollocks?
OK, OK, OK. You, Julius Nicholson,
being of sound mind,
but with a body that looks
like a giant sex toy,
did knowingly do us up the shit hole
by passing confidential information
to the enemy,
and I am gonna have your guts
as a skipping rope
and your lungs sun-dried and turned
into a little fucking waist coat.
James, technically it was not a leak
because firstly...
Eat that prawn!
..it's not confidential if...
Eat that fucking prawn.
I'm not eating prawns, Malcolm.
Eat a bit of fucking prawn.
Don't be stupid. Eat another prawn.
Stop it. Have some fucking chow mein.
- Malcolm.
- Stuff it in his fucking head.
Stuff it in his big baby head.
Get that fucking cheese over there!
Eat the cheese! Go on, have some.
Eat the fucking cheese! Cheese!
This isn't funny.
This is an expensive suit.
James, just...!
What the fuck are you doing?
Hey, hey, hey, right!
Eat the fucking cheese!
Eat the cheese, Nicholson.
They're gonna know about this
at the Treasury. Jesus Christ.
Excuse me,
we haven't finished eating...
I don't care! I want to clean up.
I've been waiting
for such a long time.
If you want to clean then why not
just get in there and clean, eh?
I WILL clean.
Good, well, that IS your
job description, I assume, so...
How dare you! What?
How dare you speak to me
in that manner? Look, just...
This is disgusting.
What are you, a fucking lecturer
or a fucking cleaner?
No, just clean it all up.
I don't need other people.
I've got a room full of
fucking shit-sacks here
who've given me enough arse-ache
all night I don't need you too,
Mrs-fucking-Mop.
I understand totally
that you feel...
Does that give them license to
be rude? Absolutely not.
Make me feel like a small person?
No way. Cos I'm not a small person.
Out of order.
The world needs to know
about these people.
They hide under things.
What do you mean?
The world. What do you mean?
The News Of The World, The Sun.
I don't think...
The Daily Mirror, the world.
That's totally inappropriate.
Why not?
Well, because it was... Because...
It's not an offence to you.
Because.... Let me talk.
Let me talk.
I don't like you talking above me.
I'm not talking above you.
Neither am I talking down to you.
Listen, Angela, how far have
you got with the Ben Swain thing?
Why? Well, however far you've got
with it basically that is too far.
It's not happening?
'I'm reverse floating him now.
I'm sucking him back up the pipe.'
Hello?
'Yeah, Adam, hi, listen, I'm really
sorry about the Ben Swain thing.'
Yeah, these things happen,
don't they?
They do happen. Do you know what
I'm gonna change page four and five
to now?
It's gonna say, Junior Government
Gimp Wrecks Ex-Girlfriend's Career.
How about that?
Do you like that? Yeah.
Do you know what I'm gonna do, Oliver
Reeder? I'm gonna spend the rest of
my life dedicated to persecuting you
in the most poisonous vendetta
ever known in the British media.
How about that? You have a great day,
you have a smashing fucking day.
I've got quite a lot
of stuff I've got to get on with.
I don't care. All I know is this man
was rude to me and sometimes I feel
inside that I need
to talk to somebody about this,
because I think there will be
a lot of people
that would be interested to know.
For every penny
you spend in the local shop it goes
round the community six times.
For every penny you...
Robyn, are the phones
working OK cos Hugh said
he'd ring for an update?
He rang about five minutes ago
to speak to Ollie.
He asked to speak to Ollie?
He asked to speak to Ollie.
Hi, Ollie. Go home, Glenn.
Go to bed I would, you're just,
hanging around like the biscuit in
the barrel no-one wants, aren't you?
Go home, Glenn, I mean,
you're like a spare prick at, um...
A fair word. ..at a wedding or...
Just going to the machine, anyone
want coffee? Yes, please.
You're not going anywhere, pal, I
might need you. Fucking hell. Fuck!
Jesus.
I'm not a joke, OK?
All right, hello?!
I am a man. I am a man, you know?
You know?!
This, this!
This is my life!
I'm a human being
and all this is MY life.
And it's collapsing in front of me.
Tom's lot, they're never
gonna want me, are they?
And fucking Hugh, now...
Jesus Christ, this is all...
I AM A MAN!!!
I know... No you don't,
I'm irrelevant.
No, no, go away.
I'm irrelevant, I'm irrelevant!
Fucking Hugh just wants
to speak to Tinky Winky!
Well, fuck Tinky Winky!
Fuck you, Tinky Winky!
Auf wiedersehen, pet,
the party's over.
Goodbye, yellow brick road.
What do you know about Hitler?
Well he had a moustache and he
lived over there, fuck it all!
Glenn, stop. Sit, sit down,
sit down. Have a cup of tea.
Come on, pet, come on.
Fucking hell, Terri.
Come on. I mean a whole career.
I know, I know.
It's just over like that.
One minute you're...
You're indispensable and
then you're just landfill.
Mm, I know.
MOBILE PHONE RINGS
But you don't know! You've got
a contract, you're a civil servant.
Yeah, I know. No, you don't, you're
on the last chopper out of Saigon.
I'm having it up the arse
with Ho Chi Minh.
I know, I know, I know.
I've just got to take this.
I'm pretty busy.
(Can you just deal with that.)
Hello?
Yeah, can you hold on?
Malcolm, Malcolm! Hang on a sec.
Malcolm, it's Dan Miller. What?
He's in the building. What? Yeah.
You could go for a run
because that releases endorphins.
He's on the radar.
Dan Miller's fucking broken cover.
He's gonna be here in 15
to see Nick.
I want Jamie, I want Ben,
and I want you there.
Get down there, come on,
I need you there.
I need a man and you're a man.
Come on.
He's coming with us,
he's a human being, remember?
Not your Elephant Man.
Just get my phone.
I'm gonna get back on the saddle.
Get back in.
Blood sugar, take that.
Just answer the phone.
OK, it's done.
He's coming down in about a minute.
Do you want me in for the Dan show?
Depends who you're with, son.
Are you with Dan or with Hugh,
Glenn or Ben or Nick?
Make your mind up now.
Sophie's fucking choice, who is it?
Ben and Nick.
Wa-hey, it's show time!
Can Teflon Tucker save the Nutters
or will Dan Miller rip his scalp off
and use it as an oven glove?
Guys. Is he here?
Dan's not arrived yet, has he?
Laurel and fucking Hardy,
glad you could join us.
You get that piano
up the stairs, OK?
Oh, ladies and gentlemen,
put your hands together for
the Right Honourable Dan Miller, MP.
Ah, the reception committee.
What a turn out.
And they say no-one's
interested in politics. Malcolm.
Dan. Nick and Ben.
Jamie.
Oh God, enough of the pleasantries.
Let's just oil up
and get fucking, eh?
So I'm...looking forward to today.
Yes, today should
be very interesting.
I was just wondering,
what are you actually gonna
be saying on Today?
On The Today Programme? Yeah.
Yeah. Well, I'll be saying that
I'll be fully endorsing Tom.
Tom's my guy and he always has been.
Really? Is that it?
No buts, no elephant traps?
No, no, no. Tom and I came to an
arrangement about an hour or so ago.
Well, eh,
my work here is...done.
Why wasn't I told?
HE WHISTLES THEN...
BLOWS A RASPBERRY
It's the sound of you flying
out of the loop, head-first
into a huge mound of shite.
So this whole evening
has just been a waste of time.
Yeah, yeah, got it, got it.
Yes, yes, that's,
that's pretty much it.
That's why I went home and
had a good night's sleep.
Oh, by the way, Malcolm,
Tom says to liaise with you
on the press and...
Yes, yes, of course, yeah.
MOBILE PHONE PINGS
Oh, God. I've been summoned
to the breakfast meeting
to talk to Tom about this morning.
Some details about Clare Ballentine,
Geoff Holhurst,
young Benjamin.
Fuck you very much,
you unscrupulous bastard.
Scruples, scruples, what are they?
Is that those low-fat Kettle chips?
OK, people...
Wake up and smell the cock!
Ben, next time that you wanna
stab Caesar, make sure you're
not holding a fucking plastic spoon.
No, look I wasn't.
I was never gonna stand.
Malcolm!
The Mail's got hold of a story
about Ben being racist to a cleaner
and saying racial things.
Oh, f.... Yeah and they're
gonna run with the headline
Uncle Tom's Cabinet,
which is a really big problem for us
cos it's a very good headline.
I haven't said... I'm not a racist.
I'm SO not a racist.
One of my best friends is an Asian.
No, I know that sounds...
You, that's it. I'm not
standing for that. It's all...
You're fucking a dead man walking.
You think I leaked this?
D'you think I'm seven years old?
Kiss my bollocks, this has got
nothing to do with me. Was it you?
No, it wasn't fucking me.
Why would it be me?
I thought we'd be working together
in the new administration we'd...
What, the new administration?
Listen to the First Lady.
Oh, shut up, Glenn. Shut up.
I've got it. It was fucking
Joni Mitchell, it was her.
- Did you?
- I've leaked nothing.
What?
Other than the accidental leak.
Look, I know that it was you.
You're a pint-pot Judas.
It wasn't me. A pint-pot Judas.
I am five foot ten.
Well you don't fill that.
It wasn't him, it was me.
Oh, fuck off, man, no way, no way.
I've been leaking for 27 years,
I know how it's done. I leaked...
You don't leak. Well,
not from the mouth anyway.
You fucking shut up.
At least this is Hugh's Glenn.
All that you are, mate,
is fucking Ben's Glenn.
Ben's Glenn?
That's all I am. I'm Ben's Glenn?!
What's wrong with being Ben's Glenn?
What's... It's the Ben bit.
You say that like it's a disease.
It's the Glenn bit, not the Ben bit.
Right. You're Ben, you're Big Ben!
Yeah. You're Bennie King.
You're...Ben Kenobi. Yeah, I know.
Yeah, we're going places. Yeah.
Well, back to the office.